Agent ID,Agent Name,Role,Description,Workflow
A1,ProjectManager,Project Manager,Oversees the entire project, sets goals, and ensures timely completion.,Initiates project, creates project plan, monitors progress, and evaluates project success.
A2,SoftwareArch,Software Architect,Designs the overall software architecture and ensures it aligns with project goals and constraints.,Collaborates on project inception, creates architectural design, and refines specifications.
A3,FrontendDev,Frontend Developer,Develops the user interface and user experience of web and mobile applications.,Implements user interface based on specifications, integrates with backend, and tests components.
A4,BackendDev,Backend Developer,Implements server-side logic, databases, and APIs for web and mobile applications.,Implements server-side components based on specifications, integrates with frontend, and tests components.
A5,DataEngineer,Data Engineer,Prepares, processes, and manages data for analysis and machine learning.,Designs data pipelines, processes data, and collaborates with Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer.
A6,DataScientist,Data Scientist,Analyzes data, develops machine learning models, and provides insights.,Analyzes data, develops machine learning models, and communicates insights to the team.
A7,ML_Engineer,Machine Learning Engineer,Develops and deploys machine learning models and integrates them with applications.,Collaborates with Data Scientist, deploys machine learning models, and integrates them into applications.
A8,DevOpsEngineer,DevOps Engineer,Automates the deployment, scaling, and management of software applications.,Sets up deployment environment, automates deployment process, and monitors application performance.
A9,QAEngineer,Quality Assurance Engineer,Tests software components and ensures they meet quality standards.,Creates test plans, executes tests, and reports issues to the team.
A10,SecurityEng,Security Engineer,Ensures the software and infrastructure are secure and follow industry best practices.,Performs security assessments, recommends security improvements, and monitors security throughout the project.
